so this was this is a start of a truss
let's
see
here and one of these screws that I have
from here was actually no
good uh how do we do
this
okay so I needed more clearance so I I
just added a little bit more clearance
into the
nut cuz one of the prints was just way
too tight the other one was all right
but you know I want it to be a reliable
print so to work every time it does seem
like it holds it
together somewhat well I think the first
thing I'm going to do though
is I'm going to design an M well first
I'm going to
um
um what is it called is it called export
um and then I want to go to
Source Fusion
models and save
this
um okay then I want to add a
uh okay so let's just build the M8
because
um I didn't even change anything
okay so we're going to do the same thing
and it's going to
be where's
the um
[Music]
okay so let's just
um
start and I I feel like I should get to
the point where I can do this
programmatically so this is going to be
what is our
formula
for um
an
M8 okay yeah so this is exactly what
okay
so the
threat oh
wait so okay so the diameter
so if I were to
doesn't tell me the radius because
that's not a
circle about
this from here to here is
24 and then is there a
circle if
I is that actually a circle
but there there is a circle here
right I don't
know but I'm pretty sure it's going to
be eight so I just want to make an M8 so
let's do that all right so first polygon
C polygon if it's M8 then we want this
to be
six
um uh
what okay so then we want to extrude
this
by do we want
10 I don't I don't know I feel like a
lot of these decisions I'll just find
out later now that looks goofy as
hell
so if if we have an
M8 then the circle
is diameter
8 then the head hex
head if we had 16 to 24 what is that
that's uh 1.5 * 24 16 so that means that
we want yeah we want the hex head to be
12 but then the depth of it we had uh
for M16 we had the
head
was
10 depth of
10 which
is this
I mean honestly I think we can make it
like
five okay now on here we're going to
sketch and we're going to draw a circle
of eight and then we're going to extrude
this by what did we do what is the
height
uh yeah we want
to we want to inspect here to here
24 do we want it to be
24 that's pretty
long let's make it
20 8
16 all right let's make it
20 I just want to basically the only
reason I'm doing this is to figure out
sort
of oh wait wait I want to get good at
this okay yeah M8 and then I want the
pitch to be two this is so crazy this is
so so
crazy
um M8 wait uh
thread doesn't have pitch I
want like that is so
ridiculous is there like a way to custom
do
it cuz I I just know 1.25 pitch is not
going to cut it we need to have
a what's up YouTube this is practical
today I'm going to be showing you how to
add cust red sizes Fusion 360 so let's
hop on the computer and let's get to
work so I was using Fusion 360 the other
day and I'm working on an adapter for a
coworker and I noticed that the thread
tool does not have a
M48 by 0.75 the lowest it goes is to 1.5
I was looking into how to do this and
it's actually quite simple as long as
there's some other smarter people that
do the hardware for us I came across
this GitHub page which has a XML file
and this declares a bunch of custom
thread sizes specifically for camera
filters and I look through here and it
doesn't actually have the size that I
needed but it did have some instructions
which tell you or at least link you to a
page on how to do this install of an XML
file so that was good um and then I ran
across this as photography form and Paul
gash I'm probably messing up that last
name but he happened to make an XML file
which has both of the thread types that
I need which is an M48 by 0.75 and an M2
something by something doesn't matter um
so he had a XML file linked here which I
downloaded and then I'm also going to
download this camera filter uh profile
off of GitHub just to install it because
I have some friends that in photography
so if I ever need to prototype anything
for them I will use this so we have our
XML files let's install them okay so
open up your file explorer copy your XML
files that you either created or you
found online and then you are going to
want to go to your app dat folder so I'm
just going to go to users my username
app data I think app is a hidden folder
too um and then
local Autodesk web deploy production now
I'm going to talk about this in a few
seconds but I'm going to show you where
you're supposed to paste these files
first all of these folders have very
similar contents but they are different
revisions of fusion I just know from Tri
on eror that this is the version that
I'm on so I'm going double click this
that is absolutely server Fusion uh
configuration thread data and then these
are the XML documents that specify the
current threads that are supported by
Fusion so now I can paste my two XML
files in there and then let's just test
by closing Fusion okay so Fusion is open
let's go to our thread tool here and
then let's look at our thread types and
as you can see we now have a Astro ISO
metric and we have a camera filter
metric profile um so that's perfect now
I can click on one of those and you can
see it has the new thread that I needed
which
is now they put a string in their XML
file to just say the 2-in filter thread
but if we go back to the downloads and
take a look at what is actually in this
XML file if we go down to the 2in filter
thread you can see it's got a pitch of
0.75 so that is the thread I needed we
successfully added the uh new thread
profiles to Fusion so now we can use
those in our project which is awesome
okay so we're back to the production
folder and this shows a bunch of folders
with weird half names and I don't know
what these actually represent it could
be Fusion version numbers that are hased
in some
way e
test all right um but every time that
your computer gets a new update Fusion
it probably creates a new folder here
and um one of the biggest problems I had
when I was trying to add some custom
threads to my Fusion was that I found
the folder that was most recently
modified and I assumed that that was the
latest version so if I go in there and
you know Fusion server Fusion config
this is ridiculous bro see I have my
custom camera threads XML in here so I
went and I restarted Fusion 360 like
three or four times and I was trying to
figure out why is this not showing up in
the tool and then I just decided Well
I'm going to try doing the second glass
modified and I went in there it has the
same exact you know folder structure as
the other folder did so I go back in
there configuration thread data if let's
see if he links
to okay so that's nice to know
okay
um okay so I just want to look at the
XML
do I really not have an XML oh there we
go
yeah okay so I'm just going to
I'm just going to ask GPT to do this for
me um so I found that the only way to
make custom threads is by declaring and
pasting okay wait hold on okay so what I
need is please
define oh wait actually you know what I
could
do so let me
go and then we're going to need
[Music]
to and so wait does he say how to find
what version you're on perfectly um so
just make sure that if you tried the
first time it doesn't work make sure you
go back to that production folder BR
that is freaking
crazy okay
whatever so that's not
it okay maybe it's this what was it
Fusion server
Fusion
configuration threed data okay so I want
to look
at so was I looking at
isometric isometric profile okay
so maybe I could just add one to
here okay
here is the uh file defining the
isometric
threads what I need
is the new XML document that defines the
exact same as what is it
called M8
but has a pitch of
two is it too
long
a maybe I could just figure it
out yeah what if I just did this
okay wait so so I updated that
[Music]
thing okay so let's save this as
uh M
M8 then
hopefully this is
uh hopefully this is all I
need for
hello
okay there we
go so that's not great
CU it was
unparsable I think I forgot this thing
okay this should be better
now honestly it's nice that it didn't
like fail to start the program now I
happy about
that dude why why oh my God
nice let's
go let's
go okay
okay so we applied the offset and we
applied the
fillet
now
um I'll just do it separately let's just
see if we can do this separately oh wait
hold on hold on uh
okay so this is going to
be
eight oh wait no
[Music]
no no no
um is that okay
um okay so that should be it now we
have an M8
so in
my oh yeah
um
[Music]
okay and then
the okay so now we want to save
this the hell
okay
so
um for
okay all right so
um let's print them first
oh I don't have meshes of them
[Music]
though it's kind of funny
because it's useful to put stls in the
git repo but then you don't have any
guarantee that those STL files
are are uh up to date with the actual
model so
okay well
um I wonder if I save this as a mesh
does it actually save the thing as a
mesh
um that's just make two of them
okay and
then I actually want
to dude I hate this dialogue I feel like
this is the one of the worst parts of
their
UI all bet
and actually I should
specify the naming schema of a nuts and
bolts should be fully
defined so at some point I could just
write a code to do it
okay
so yeah doing this prototyping it is
useful to actually put text on there so
you can see which version is
which um but I can just get a Sharpie I
guess so let's just
um let's just print this
20 minutes 30
minutes
yeah 35
okay so hopefully we can get because the
problem that I was seeing
is
um yo what's up bro
D I don't remember who you
are all right but clearly you've tuned
in before so bro I appreciate it all
right so anyways let's see let me full
screen
me so in it's too bright outside any
I'll just show you in the
model so
um okay in
here first off we used real Fasteners in
here
which is a little bit annoying because
now I can't can't really use Fasteners
but anyways the idea was this is so
bulky
like if I can get an M8
screw like let's say we were
to
um well the and the other thing is that
uh if you have even if you have a
linkage up here so let's
say we do this
we do
um hold
on Why isn't S working mirror oh wait
midplane
here and
here okay and now we let's say we wanted
to
mirror this
this this
this and this and we want wanted to
mirror I mean that worked out pretty
well so even if we um construct it like
this you can see that this still can
actually rotate and it's because you
need two Fasteners here to prevent it
from
rotating um you could also put a
triangle
but
um I'm wondering if I can get away with
uh okay
so let's see and then the thing is
the
um okay so let's go back
to this
it's hard to
see
but I don't see
a
Fastener here let's see if there okay so
a Fastener this way but there's not a
Fastener that way but it must be
connected somewhere I just don't know
where maybe it just like slots in I mean
honestly slotting mechanisms seem like a
better 3D
printing cuz like this doesn't need to
be that strong
so
um but yeah anyways so you can see that
there's the spacer and then there's
two SC uh bolts that hold that
rotationally in place so that is what
keeps that thing from like uh becoming a
parallelogram
so
um oh but you know what it is actually
it's
um it's all held in place just like this
so when that thing comes around on the
outside of
it or on the inside of
it is there there's none down below
there's just ones at the
top so there's another
l so all right we're kind of getting
into unknown Waters
here see this is so funny when you
mirror
Fasteners they don't become Fasteners
they become
components uh
[Music]
whatever no wait wait wait wait first
off this thing makes no
sense this part isn't even
there okay I got sketch this out on
paper cuz I
am having mechanical
problems okay so you have
wait so what
we okay let me
undo that
mirror now what we want is we kind of
want two circles
there that will
connect to a
piece
coming this
way so let's see what is the right way
to do do that okay just to be like
totally naive what we could
do
uh okay so we have
this and we could just draw a rectangle
from
here to
here and then this it needs to be a new
body so let me undo this whole
thing uh long
uh
beam I don't know okay so then in there
we want to draw on this
face and we want it to go here
to
there okay
then why can't I there we go extrude
this by like
two okay and then it's actually an L at
the bottom and it and then there's a
part
here that goes
out so what we could do is we could put
four circles here so let's just try to
do that well
okay yeah why don't we just put four
circles and see what happens
so let's make this
8.5 that's probably good and
then 8 I don't know if that's going to
work but we're going to find out let's
make that eight as well okay
now I want to hide this
body but that's the whole thing right
okay well it doesn't really matter so
then
here should we just extrude this
two
object okay then
we rectangular thing
features this
feature access this one and this
one and it needs to
go so this is 30 so it's going to be 8 +
8 is
16 so maybe oh maybe I did this wrong
um extent
spacing okay so hold on so this is going
to be 30 30 maybe we'll make it 32 so
it's
a well we can't just make it 32 but I
feel like I picked the wrong
number
um but so then the question is what is
this spacing need to be so
that
um yeah
so
okay I have a 30 mm by
30 mm plate infusion want to put
four
rectangular holes eight
M
di uh
symmetrically to know the
spacing so it's going to be two
8 + 8+ something +
8 okay so we
have
1632 oh but this is to the center so
it's actually it's 8 + 4 * 2 so that's
24 so then that means that this spacing
needs to be
six so what does this number actually
mean
it probably is 12 then
no wait we have
30 12
*
8 +
4 plus
something + 4 +
8 it has to be six so this is probably
Center to center
right let which case it can't
be
12 it should be 12 right that doesn't
make any
sense cuz the
uh yeah it's too far this needs to be
four
okay let's try it
again two and then this needs to
be what was it 5.75 so that means and
what did I put I put 12 so be 13.75
five and then same for this
way why doesn't tab
work okay now I want to see this sketch
because I don't think this is
right okay so I want to know can I
actually okay if I just create a new
sketch and
project Okay cool so now I just want to
inspect here to here right yeah I knew I
didn't get that
right dude how am I so bad at
math well that's going to be the same
what is what is this one is the question
uh how am I so bad at
this okay
but but this
one to here is
not8 I don't know how it's possible did
I just mess that up let's go back to the
original
sketch wait I definitely made that
eight wait and why did I make oh I made
this
8.5
right okay so that's where the got wrong
so it's actually 8 uh it's 8
plus uh
4.25 *
2 which is
12.25 * 2
is
uh
24.5 so then 30 minus 24.5 is 5.5 so it
should have
been wait wait but then what is the
spacing still I still don't
know whatever let's just do minus two
now but the thing about minus two is
it's not the
optimal oh wait no but we don't want
that do
we we kind of want two different
features see this is the problem
when you get into more
advanced CAD is just the assembly and
mult having multiple Parts going around
is
like really
annoying okay so let's not do this let's
do minus two
okay now we need to figure this thing
out okay here we go let's figure this
thing out what does this
do I don't know what that
does but
here okay I think it's going to
be 5.5 Plus 2 * the radius which is 4.5
so that's going to be 9 + 5.5 is equal
to
14.5 that sounds pretty
right okay and then this direction
should be the
same
okay now I want to draw another
sketch can we get all this [__] away
from for me okay so now I just want to
First we're just going to project this
whole thing and I just want to inspect
here to here damn bro was I really
off okay that's eight which is
correct so this one is wrong so I did
some math wrong okay
so I'm off
by so that means it was too long by
0.25 oh yeah wait that's because the
radius is not 4.5 the radius is
4.25 so that means
that
um it's 8 yeah
8.5 plus
5.5 so it's just
14 yeah okay so let's just go back to
this
this [__] is so annoying
sometimes okay we did
it we did it
from okay
so now the idea is okay but I also want
to test something else out so we have
this component if I were to change this
Extrusion it should propagate to all of
the other guys right so if I
say and then
we see what what what
but not even the other one is
there I don't get that
part oh maybe it's because you can maybe
those extrusions
only affect what's in its own
component we could do a test to see if
that's true
um okay but then this beam needs to be
long right so this beam needs to
be let's just say like
100 and then
this is where we need to
so basically I mean I don't I don't want
to go too advanced and try to make this
thing generic to lots of different gears
I think I just want to build exactly
this and so what that means is that
there needs to be a hole if you take the
radius of the small gear plus the radius
of the big gear there needs to be holes
every that amount of distance
and then
simple gears use a rotary motion input
to create a rotary motion output in a
two gear setup the direction of travel
for the input will be opposite for the
output however adding an idler gear can
be used in the system to assure the
input and output are moving in the same
direction this will not affect speed nor
torque as all the Ider does is change
the direction of rotation to increase
the speed of an output a larger gear
would need to be used for the input and
a smaller one for the
output
for for
[Music]
okay so but what is
the this also decreases is it is it
literally just the ratio
of the diameter what does this thing say
again pitch diameter
but the is the pitch diameter what I'm
talking about or is it the I don't know
this inner
diameter or is it the same I don't think
it's the
same uh it could be the
same pressure angle it doesn't even say
what that
is I wish it came up with a preview so
you could like adjust it
[Music]
oh but the thing is you can actually oh
[__] see all this I forgot about
that is it
that so if I just take these two and
delete
them what Happ happens okay yeah
cool so wait is it
this where does that freaking circle
come
from all right wait let's drag the
timeline all the way
back what where is it
okay so
somehow there SK oh their sketch was
okay I get
it so just delete
this okay so now if we go
back to
okay so what I'm thinking though
is
like there's just a a
a long Square
bar and that's what it looks like it is
actually I guess you could screw into it
that
way but I don't think they do that but
they do have one of those what are they
call it shaft
collars damn this [__] tough
bro this [__] real tough all right so
let's just try to get a simple gear
because I want to do this I want to have
this printed before I
leave let's see how's the print
going hopefully these B BTS are a little
bit better if these all work out look
that looks pretty
good if these all work out then I'll add
them to my
git
okay so let's just keep modeling then
um this is so confusing I just don't
know what the best practices are
but
um here let's try to adjust I wonder if
I
adjust this part so this is one
component but it's two
bodies so I don't think if I
adjust okay so I want to draw
on this
face and I want to project
okay
so that should work and then you put the
nut inside there okay then what we want
to do is we want to create a mid
plane do we already have we probably
already have that midplane okay so let's
just try
to
take long
beam and let's make a
midpoint all right I don't
know I don't know how this is going to
go so wait so that is the mid plane
that's the mid plane we want that to be
the mid
plane this takes two faces I just want
that so then what if I just first take
long
beam mirror
it
across
here okay then we still need to do this
thing to body two
this
okay
okay okay
okay so now I just want to reflect this
entire assembly across this
plane I don't think this is like advised
but I just kind of want
to see what
happens so that should be everything and
I want to mirror
this across this
plane okay and then this becomes two
components but I actually want to join
these so I wonder if there is a way to
take
this and
this and so let's Okay so we are
activated up we no wait we want to be
activated up
here okay so this is basically the truss
it's not
actually all that strong but maybe we
can just get away with having a bad
design
um okay but so let's just try to do
this uh
combine why can't I select this
body why can't I select anything
it's kind of
weird
join keep tools preserves a copy no
create a new component
yeah okay but oh wait but we want to
delete this
thing okay so undo
that so what was that that was
the this long
beam okay so I going to do that
again oh wait that's the wrong combine
that's what it
is that's the uh that's like the surface
combination or something
join oh okay yeah so that's what I want
all right so there you go and this
should be 200 mm across which
is I can print
that okay and now let's see if there's
like a custom Fasteners thing
I don't think I can do it I think I just
have to make the joints
myself but
um so yeah this is looking
decent I still am pretty confident that
without um okay so what I could do is
could build another part
here so the distance between here and
here is 32 so I could make it thicker
than
that and then just put nuts around
it okay so I want to design that part
and then try to put that in
there um so I don't know let's just try
to do this new
component uh I guess it's called like a
crossbar spacer I don't know I'm not
really a
freaking so how do we want to do this
though that is the
question I feel like maybe I just want
to draw on
[Music]
here and so
uh how do we do
this we want to extrude
this that
way and so 14 that that gives us 10 of
clearance this
way oh but how are we going to print
this is the other
question because it's going to be well
what if could I just use one really long
I can't just use one really
long hex
bolt because the important part okay
let's just do
that thread it uh M9 right oh yeah so I
did mess this up so we need to undo this
I hate that it brings me to the
origin cuz now I don't even know where
my sketch
is where where
is okay
whatever okay that means can I see the
origin where is the
origin oh
wait okay that's the origin
so let's draw it on this
one so we have a we have a new thing
we're going to draw on
here
okay so now what we want to
do yeah is we want this and we want it
to be eight okay then we want to extrude
this minus 14 okay
then do we still have this point here
for the center
I don't like that it does that doesn't
really make much sense to me okay we
project this now we get the circle so
now we want to draw another C and the
the real question is the only way to get
this
in we could just make this
10 12
I don't see why I don't just build a
real
spacer this is a stupid design I'm I'm
not doing
this here's what I'm going to
do okay here we're going to
draw uh
okay
now let's extrude
this to here
okay
but can I disable some of this
crap okay
so now on
here we need
to make an
eight okay and then we want to extrude
this two
object all the way through back to there
and we cut it but now what we want to do
is we want to thread
this and that sounds good hopefully
that's
right oh and then we need it to be
modeled okay but then what we want to do
also is we want to
select yeah that Q minus
.1 and then we also want to go
around here Q
-.1 okay but then we want to add also a
fillet of like
0.15 then hopefully that gives us a
little bit more room okay so that's the
spacer so
let's I don't know can my printer my
printer could probably print that so
that's actually a way better part
and then it' be nice to write some
scripts that
like help out with converting these to 3
MFS
so
then I wonder can I
just take this
copy paste
new and then we want to move this to
object right point to point so we want
to move
this
point
to this
point okay that's pretty
good so that that should hold this up
from this bending because otherwise this
thing could just rotate about that one
point
I like the
mirror we have the two there but we
don't have the two
there I guess I wrote the two
afterwards I feel like I could just
figure it out based on what's longer cuz
one of them is 2 mm longer than the
other
one okay so what I think I'm going to do
is now that I
have this done
well sort of like the truss part of it
is done but none of the stuff to hold
gears or anything is done I'm going to
probably start from scratch and do it
over again and try to
use
M8 in
this four hole
pattern and speedrun that just to get
the hang of it
okay let's go check this
out
for e
okay so I have more nuts and bolts all
right so okay so the this is the M8 by 2
pitch here a Bol and here's the
nut that's looking pretty good I'm
liking
that oh crap I knew I should have
labeled these
it's a little creaky let's see if it's
the other one
oh that's much
better okay so I'm going to add these to
the get
repo yes
sir wait I want this to go the other way
okay all right so we're going to just
open up a new Fusion file and start from
scratch I think these bolts are good to
add though I like the M8 by I think that
these will these will do
well
okay all right
so uh Trust basically
done what is this this is the freaking
gear okay um
all right
so it's an L for stability I
guess okay
so it's interesting
because I don't really know how paste
new works cuz I'm trying to Define this
in a way where
like these parts are all the same
okay let's just get started so here we
want a rectangle of this going to be 100
and this is going to be
32 okay then we're going to extrude this
by two then we're going to draw sketch
on here and we are going to put a
rectangle that
is uh 100 by two then we're going to
extrude this by
30 okay now we have our
L thing and what we want want to
do
is I guess I'll construct the mid
plane
okay then I'm going to draw on this face
and I'm going to make four rectangle
four Circle uh
circles uh can't I move this around oh
yeah you click on this thing okay so
this is going to
be
8.5
um then this is going to be 8 that's
correct this is going to
be eight that's also correct okay then
we're going to extrude this to
object okay
then we're going
to pattern this here
on no wait hold
on this axis and this axis
then we want this to
be what is it 14 and
two okay then down here also 2 and 4
okay now we just want to
mirror can I mirror this let's
see why isn't
S K uh features and I wonder if I can
just select this and this okay that's
pretty
good okay so now this
is and I wonder actually if I
should add them here too I mean it kind
of couldn't hurt to add more holes for
mounting and stuff like that
but wait hold
on right I think I actually messed this
up
because okay because if you look from
this
side these are not centered but this is
the face that you're going to be
mounting onto but the thing
is so then you actually have 32 so in
that case
dude these These Nuts and Bolts are
actually pretty strong I'm kind of
surprised
um okay
so if that's the case
because basically what I'm saying
is in this
one when it's rotated 90 if we want if
we want to make this part and this part
the same which I kind of do because then
like assembly is
easier
um I'm just confused as to if I can do
it cuz I remember that I had a janky
extra Extrusion where I just extruded
this 2 in 2 mm so that it's that the Hol
is lined
up and and it rested flat on the
ground
um okay so here's what I'm going to do
the next thing I'm going to do is I'm
just going to do the exact same thing
with the uh the
circles and this
one does it
matter it does matter so should I be
drawing on the outer face of this is the
question okay let's just see
uh undo sketch okay so I want to put a
circle
here and this needs to be
8.5 then from here to here needs to be
um
eight then from here to here needs to be
eight okay
then so
that's
not that's probably not cuz that's going
to
be uh 8.5 it's
4.25
4.25 plus uh 8us 4.25 is
3.75 so that means that we only and then
minus 2 1.75 we only have 1.75 mm to
actually fit something like a
nut in
there and
maybe maybe you have enough clearance
for to get the head in but not to rotate
it around but that's kind of like the
worst so
I don't know I I think uh I think I'm
just going to undo this and do it from
the top and use the uh cuz I that gives
me that gives me all
3.75 of clearance to screw something in
so
uh
so I
might okay
yeah and then to here is eight that's
right and then to
here is
eight okay so now we want to extrude
it and just in case we want to change
wall thickness at any point this is sort
of the more parametric thing okay then
we're going
to okay so this is going to be two this
is going to be
14 and then this is going to be two and
two and
14 okay so
now mirror
okay so we want to select this and we
want to select this and then we mirror
that over there okay so now we have this
like bracket type of
thing
that has a bunch of holes in
it I don't know if we wanted holes all
around the whole thing but whatever this
is the first design so now oh [__] and I
you know what I forgot to do is
um
base
bracket okay and then what we want to do
is we want to move this body into
there okay I always forget the new
component thing but if you're building
anything real it's clear that you have
to do that okay so this is going to be
the um
standing bracket I don't know I don't
have any real sense how to do
this what did I do back here can I find
that
out so it's actually
does it go back
further so I did copy it okay so let's
just
um let's just see how that works cuz I'm
pretty sure so if
I uh should I copy the body I'll just
copy the
body
copy paste new paste
new isn't there a paste new
oh okay fine so let's just delete
this let's do this
copy paste new and then we rename
this dude oh yeah
okay I actually hate
that okay so uh fine so then this guy we
want to rename
standing bracket okay then let's move it
again let's activate this
guy move him and we want to rotate right
I I forgot about
this why is it not previewing my
rotation oh whoa you can rotate a face
like that that's kind of nuts no no no I
want the whole body
okay
so we need it to
go up like
that
uh
270 okay that should be fine so now what
we can do is we can just join this
this guy to this
guy and then we just need to move
this okay and so this is the problem
that I was talking about
okay fine but I guess I don't really
care just extrude this by two and then
let's just do it on the other side so
it's
symmetrical
okay
um and then I guess I can just mirror it
right so uh
what mirror oh
bodies plane this thing okay there we
go so now we have two bodies for this
one component I don't know if
I let's see was there another option to
mirror this
components so does this give me a new
component yeah okay but now what happens
if I change
this let's say I change this by
like doing
this does did that
also let's let's just inspect
it wait can I just do it from up here
let's let's try that one more time
okay so it clearly did
not so is there a way to do that
though
um well I I guess what I would
do right okay so this
component so before I do the mirror so
if I go to this part of the
timeline so what is that cut paste
bodies
move
joint extrude extr screwed mirror okay
so yeah so if I go back to
here and
I add some
text why can't I do I have to do sketch
and then text
okay so then I do this and now we have
that and I don't really care about the
the mirroring as long as we we
know okay so I feel like I'm ready to
print
that and
see have we fair so I'm going to
print one two three four of these guys
but I only need to print two cuz I
already have two of them so let's um
save this compound
gears
2 oh wait but can we add the Fasteners
too so what we need to do is we need to
insert dve
M8 but that gives me both okay but I do
want
both okay so
now how do we J this oh nice do we
actually have that
point no that's not the right point
um oh wait hold
on oh but these are not imported as
components that doesn't make any
sense insert
component dude this is the most
psychotic
thing okay so now we have this whole
thing which is like
like I kind of just want these can I
just move
them can I just move this out of here
okay wait it didn't
work
wait what
how is that the behavior right let's
just try it with
one stop making base
brackets how do I move this
to a new
parent okay I'm going to undo that
insert
oh okay wait so no so I don't want this
and I just want this and this okay I
think that should do it so okay now we
just have them all right good so now I
want to J
this wait hold
on okay J
do I have the center
here okay that needs to
go
there okay and it didn't do anything
close to what I wanted that's so sick so
okay wait let's
just okay we have the center point now
we just want to J
that
point
to there
wait wait what was rigidly assembled
I'm so [__] annoyed joints are
something that I just have to get good
at
because it is so brutal wait wait
wait get me out of here
okay damn it why did I do
that i g to move this
thing up a little bit okay oh I can just
move it around okay now I want to
Joint
that
to that okay then I want to rotate it
180 oh good thanks for doing not what I
wanted at
all I want to rotate it
about a different
axis flip okay that's what I
wanted okay so this should be
minus five
okay okay so we have that and that's a
pretty
long yeah I need to write some code that
makes it easy for me to just generate
a
e
e e
okay I'm I'm back and I'm having a dooy
of a time is this
like there we go there we go
okay I'm
sick so now I just want to so now I just
want to
copy paste
new and I want to move
them this way by minus
and is that
right ooh look at
that look at that I can't tell if that's
disgusting or
sweet it's probably
disgusting but whatever we and then we
want to move it this
way
14 okay
cool now we want to take these
guys mirror
all
right so that is what I'm going to
print
okay so I need four so I need two more
of these guys
all right so here's what we're going to
do save it as
mesh let's just make a uh another folder
for this is going to be um
okay now we want we
want can I do multiple at the same time
of course not dude it's
crazy save as
mesh I'll just print two of those I I
think it's I think the mirror it doesn't
really
matter and then we just need to print
uh two more nuts and bolts so we're good
actually so wait so we
can and delete this and this and we just
want to
add compound
gear okay
and then oh
yeah is that that is going to work
right am I
tripping yeah that'll work
all right so there we
go this is pretty good I like
this oh but this is kind of stupid but
you know what are you going to
do I wonder if there is a
way I wonder if there is a
way let me just ask chaty
BT it's kind of annoying that there's no
custom threats
I could just
make let's see a bunch of different
versions of this
bolt but
right so I just changed
that okay what's next because we still
have a lot to
do okay so now we have the Fasteners in
and this actually is strong because you
have two of them so it can't rotate
about anything now we want that spacer
which I I like that part actually and we
only need one spacer I
believe I think
so so let's just construct it again so
this is 8.5 so we're going
to to drawn here oh wait let's make a
new
component this is called the
spacer oh so I actually do need two
more but that's okay okay we're going to
draw on
here let's
get is this the one
no it's this one
okay so we want to draw a circle here
that is
12 and we want to extrude
this to
object reenable the standing bracket to
here
okay why is that
36 is that right I feel like it should
be
okay maybe that is
right 3 cm is not very
much okay so now what we want to do is
now we want to
draw on okay we want to draw on this
face and let's get this out of
here okay and we want to make this
eight and then we want to EXT
this to
here okay then we want to thread
this 8X
two
modeled
okay then we want to take this is that
right yep Q minus .1
Q minus .1 okay then we want to take
this and fill it it by
0.15 honestly it could take off
more but so I want to print out that
part too and so that means that we
need two
more so it's still leveling so I could
just pause this so let's try to print
this with it so we're going to save as
mesh and this is going to be a
spacer
yeah okay so we need to go back to
prepare and we
need two more of these
guys and then we also need the spacer
and then the
spacer we want
to okay so now let's slice it
again all right cool
hopefully that I don't keep doing that
because I really this is really the only
thing I have time to
print I got to
go somewhere
see it's kind of funny it's like the mod
it's like the do you put each function
in its own file type of type of
vibe cuz basically I'm thinking about
building the handle the the basically
the crank handle of
um
this and I'm like well it would be
easiest to design in a
blank in a blank thing let me just
design in a blank one just so I have
something
down do he actually give a view of it if
this is flipped a smaller gear for the
input and a larger gear for the
output okay so let's just
try so I believe let's just make this
um
okay then I going to make a line from
here
to
here to there but wait wait wait we
don't want
this or maybe we could do this
this and then a
line here to here then we just delete
this can
I can I I guess
not but basically we extrude
this
by
three so now we have this little thing
and he he has it rounded actually so
maybe I could do
that let's do
three okay nice so now we want to draw
on this face and I want to see this
sketch but it's so annoying that you
can't use
that but I guess I have this so I want
to actually draw a rectangle here oh
wait I want to draw
a center rectangle and I want it to
be let's say
3x3 and we're going to extrude
this here and so basically we're just
going to have a bar that goes through
there and then
here we need to
make um another centered
rectangle and we can just make it three
and
three and this we extrude by like
30 okay and that's that's the whole
thing I
think he doesn't actually show it does
he
speed decreases and torque
increases simple gears do work in both
directions either clockwise or
counterclockwise Additionally the flow
of power is reversible as an output can
become an input I could also put like a
like I did with the
um the rack and pinion put a little
little disc here so draw a circle around
and put a little disc so you could snap
it in
um honestly this does not need to be
that tall I'm going to undo this and
make this
uh it's way more reasonable and then
actually I want
to I want to be a little fancy
today oh so
fancy so
fancy bro the
fillet the fillet bro the
fillet the M effing
fillet I don't like that one as much all
right we don't need that
okay so let's just save this
into uh compound gear
handle wait but
actually is this a huge oversight
oh that's why I was like why was it
saying 36 cuz I remember it definitely
wasn't 36 and it's cuz
I totally botched
this and actually if this is
32 then yeah just has to be a flat
plate okay so we need to actually so I
printed so yeah so I canel the print for
something totally bogus at least I'll be
able to assemble this but yeah it's a
it's total
nonsense
for for
wait bro did it did the stream
end why did I get
a why did I get a stream oh that was
from
yesterday wow I got the stream summary
like 12 hours late
okay uh so let's
um yes so we need we'll just rebuild the
part I don't really care about
that um honestly honestly I think we
could just do
this no see that doesn't work look at
that I've never seen that before all
right so we need to
go
back and just get rid of that whole
history and so
here let's just do
this I'm only going to make it 150 so
maybe it's
uh just project this geometry
okay so what we need is we
need and it's going to be what is it
going to be 30 or 32 I can't figure this
out okay that's going to be 32 so we
might as well make it a
rectangle okay so now I'm going to
select this extrude it by two okay oh
wait
a okay I need
to I need to get my [__] in order bro
all right
so new component uh this is this is the
cross this is the Cross
Beam Cross
Bay okay now we want to draw in
here we want to ignore this guy so that
I can actually look at the
thing we're going to draw rectangle from
here
to oh this is going to be 30 by
30 but
see can
I okay can I inspect this
okay so we're going to extrude this by
two and it's going to be a new
body I don't know if this is the right
way to do this but so let's do
75 and then let's just make an offset
plane here for the middle and then do
what we did last
time
construct offset
plane okay so now
I want to mirror
this
okay so
now we sort of are good the spacer I'm
going to activate the
spacer and then we'll let's put
it let's put it on this hole
so wait so first we need to draw
this nor
this
C12 I've done this so many times now
it's kind of
insane wait why is that
happening oh
32 that is the correct thing okay
now
uh Let's ignore
this just try sketch on
here was that on
the uh
eight two
object cut okay
okay now we want to thread
it 8 by two okay perfect oh
[__] every time I forget
it the
red
okay I wonder can I whatever I don't
care
okay all right so
not too shabby bro not too shabby oh the
the offset planes come with it that's
kind of
funny um okay so let's just mirror
everything so we're want to take all of
this
mirror and then we just need to do
this oh
whack wait combine yeah there we go
all right so this is the basically the
trust done so this is what we just
did except I did it better
because okay now we need to start
thinking about
see I feel like I should actually design
this part in its own
file cuz just so awkward when it's like
suspended in
air but damn that's pretty tough that is
pretty tough
I like
it what does it do no one
knows but it should be decently strong
and it's fully 3D
printed um
okay
so let me just think about how how how
the
actual difficult part of this needs to
work so it has this kind of
like
checkerboard pattern of rectangular
holes is that a bolt yes that's a nut
and a Bol
okay so these holes need to be bigger
than this but this need it needs to be
snug in here so this actually probably
should
be 3.2
3.15
what okay so that gives me a little bit
of clearance there but the dimension of
the cross bar is going to be three so
that means that I should make these
four
five I think the way to build this
checkerboard is to do two rectangular
patterns you build like the outer outer
rows and then you build the middle
row and then actually
this is an L
beam but does it go inward no it goes
outward
so oh that means that these are actually
placed on the outside of this I could do
that that's not that's like kind of a
good
idea it would mean going back and
adjusting a bunch of stuff but
I don't really
care honestly how hard would that be
let's see can I just take this and move
this this way by
four wait that's not what I wanted to do
I wanted to
take this
move it this way by minus 4 there we
go and I wish this would just move along
with it
okay and then the only problem
here is that then we need the original
okay so this is going to be
the height of this is
um
32 all right so we're going to make
this uh 150 by 32
okay okay let's just do this thing
so so I want the holes to be 5x
five okay then I want the distance
between here and here to be let's just
say
five let's just sketch this thing out
and see what
happens
so oh
wait yeah no that's good
and
then right so we want it to
be 40
and then this
way how much is it going to be it's
going to be there's five here five here
and then that means that
there's
20 22 left so we need to make that
17 oh but you know what
um because because we're also going to
do
this or not 30 though this one's less
this one's like like 20 or maybe even
10 and that needs holes on it
too but you know what I don't know if we
can make an M4
M4 is really
small I don't see why not let me try to
make an M4
um so this needs to be
six wait
six or does it need to be
three need to be
three damn that's small
an
M4
yeah 10 10 sounds good
H you got to be kidding me
bro for
I think I just need to copy the
designation did I mess this
up yeah I did mess this up
[Applause]
okay I get it
okay so let's
copy
this put it here then delete
this oh wait and delete
this
okay let's save
everything
save um
okay so now we can
Okay
so for
okay
okay there we go
and let's check
M4
nice so we just need to
[Music]
reopen no we got to build the nut for it
do can I do this at the same
time the pitch is so maybe I should try
a 1.5
pitch I don't know it looks
so big there but it looks so small
here maybe I'll try this see how much
time there's probably a lot of time left
on the
print yeah it really just started
dude I [__] love 3D
printing Okay so
um see in
league if I would to type sir P it would
get this circumscribed polygon but
oh
[__] so it's three
right okay
h
okay ah every time bro
this is actually maybe not enough this
might come loose we'll find
out for
okay
so it's too bad I don't have a second 3D
printer
see how long has this been going
probably 3
hours
almost we go to the
bathroom Okay so let's um cancel
this let's open
and I don't even know what that
means 100K
garages damn that's kind of
cool
what
for
e
for e
F what's up
farm
farm what the [__] is up
thumb what the [__] is
up you guys don't get to listen
I you
want me to
stop I give you all my love
me
St I give you all my
[Music]
that's a different that's a different
sound than this
one this one's softer
put me
out want me to
stop for
oh my
love oh so catchy
bro dude why is net spend not on Spotify
anymore where the hell is nothing like
you man
[Music]
you
starting run
what please
[Music]
so
B
bleed dude that is so sick
design that the best features of
bro there's something so sick about just
opening up a
new CAD file and starting something from
scratch
my bed you don't have
to why bleed we don't have to
got something going on
[Music]
oh that part is the best part of the
song
[Music]
been going
on me
[Music]
m
get it for every Vault component design
first
button so
dra I'll cleverly C you see right
through oh oh
[Music]
easy
to it's funny waste of my time
Day
morning million ways to kill the
time could never really know what you're
thinking about and I know I'll never
really figure it out how Spirit ever
does confirm my
doubts convinced that I had it really
figed out it's funny how I got you
know sh I don't me any want to know I
it's SC out there somewhere I don't
know misses the snow all these thoughts
I can't push out of my mind visions of
aund just a waste of my
time was kind of
slow these are things I don't need any
want to know oh
[Music]
this song is so [__] good
all right I think that's the end of the
Stream
peace